Update extractjsonfunction.md (#819)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/kusto/query/extractjsonfunction.md

* *jsonPath*: JsonPath string that defines an accessor into the JSON document.
* *dataSource*:  A JSON document.

> * *typeLiteral*: An optional type literal (e.g., typeof(int)). If provided, the extracted value is converted to this type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *typeLiteral*: An optional type literal (for example, typeof(int)). If provided, the extracted value is converted to this type.
```
